Mr. Su
You want to buy my necklace.
Yeah, I'm going to buy it.
Wear it on my engagement party with Huai Jin
I should have known the necklace was yours
I don't have to ask for such a big circle.
500,000, right?
can
Excuse me?
I don't sell it, I don't sell it.
Why is this necklace style too old?
It is not suitable for you to wear it on such an important occasion.
Yeah.
That's who I am
As long as it's something I like, I won't let go
I know you can't bear it
I gave you an extra 100,000
Thank you for giving up
I have something else to do
Just go first
Jiao Wanyi, whether it is a person or a necklace
You can't keep any of them.
Uncle Zhou Xiaodi
I've been waiting for you for a long time.
What are you waiting for me for?
Because I like you
I want to see you more
Thank you. He is the child of Jiang Wanyi and Xiao Yi.
I'm leaving the hospital tomorrow
You don't have to wait for me anymore.
Go find your mother
Uncle Rou
Don't go!